you are on the exciting movies channel
and today i'm going to tell you about
the movie tusk
[Applause]
wallace a mustachioed young american and
his plump friend teddy host a podcast
where they tell funny stories vulgar
sometimes on the verge of decency jokes
they blog showing videos they think are
unusual and funny wallace tells katie
about another video that one of their
subscribers discovered on an old laptop
on the video a guy practices with a
samurai sword and accidentally cuts off
his leg
of course this shot interested our hero
he does not hesitate to contact the guy
to interview him the homegrown samurai
lives in canada wallace has to go to
another country having spent 500 on the
ticket his girlfriend allison tries to
go with him but wallace is not the kind
of guy who takes extra baggage on
business trips teddy also stays in los
angeles as he is afraid of flying having
flown to the great white north and
visited the hero of the video wallace
learns that he is dead he gets to his
funeral upset about the interview being
thwarted wallace goes to the local bar
to have a drink to call teddy to
complain about injustice
after a couple of beers he feels like
taking a piss in the bathroom he finds a
strange notice on a board covered with
similar pieces of paper
he finds an old man offering to stay
with him for free
all the owner of the luxurious house
wants us to tell incredible stories from
his life but that is exactly what
wallace wants
he went to canada for an incredible
story for his podcast and he will get it
wallace calls the man and makes an
appointment to meet him on the way he
buys a drink from a local store and
pours it into an unreasonably large
plastic glass
the local sales girls ask him how to get
to the address the landlord gave
once in the middle of nowhere wallace
sees the old mansion where the old man
lives howard hall
the owner meets him sitting in a
wheelchair and offers to treat him to
tea
wallace gladly drinks a couple of cups
listens to mister hall's tales of his
meeting hemingway makes bad jokes about
the house and howard himself but mr hall
is hard to confuse
he continues his life story full of
tragedy when he was very young his
parents were killed in front of him
howard ended up in an asylum where he
was abused from there he ends up in a
mental hospital but that is not what
missed her hall wants to tell wallace he
is occupied with another story
determined to tell the story of the day
he first experienced true horror howard
hull describes how he worked as a cook
on the ship anastasia which was wrecked
in the northern seas near kamchatka
howard the only survivor of the
shipwreck swam through the icy waters
holding onto the life ring for a long
time
at last he was rescued by a walrus once
on the island where the huge animal
lived howard would have surely died of
cold thirst and hunger but the walrus
warmed and fed him
mr hall never has time to finish this
incredible fascinating story wallace
becomes ill he feels weak his head grows
heavy and his eyesight begins to fail
at last wallace realizes that it is
because of the tea he tries to ask the
landlord something but he cannot and
faints
while wallace was passed out it turns
out that he is not such a bad guy
he loves allison who has been with him
since the days when wallace was a loser
unable to support himself
but he doesn't love that loser wallace
maybe that's why he becomes cynical and
unprincipled alison tells her boyfriend
that she misses him the old way because
he cried over winnie the pooh and as her
grandfather said the ability to cry
proves that man has a soul which
distinguishes him from an animal
wallace wakes up sitting in a wheelchair
his legs covered with plaid
mr hall is also here he tells his guest
that yesterday he was bitten by a
poisonous spider which caused wallace to
lose consciousness and he had to call a
doctor
the doctor found wallace's leg and in a
terrible condition it was swollen and to
prevent the infection from spreading the
doctor amputated it
he does not believe the old man's story
demands his phone to call his family but
mr hall refuses
he refers to the doctor who has taken
all the phones out of the house to
ensure the patient's peace
over dinner wallace learns that howard
hall can walk and that the wheelchair is
a hoax to create the image of a helpless
old man came the rain
and washed the spider out
let me out of this chair you [ __ ]
psycho
unable to walk on his own wallace
accidentally finds his cell phone by the
sound of its ringing
ellison calls him for he has not been
heard from in three days
wallace does not have time to pick up
the phone he calls alison back but now
she does not answer the girl complains
about wallace teddy telling him how
unhappy she can be with him in the
morning both alison and teddy find two
voicemails from the friend telling him
that some crazy person has kidnapped him
cut off his leg and is keeping him in
the middle of nowhere in canada
for wallace the attempt to contact the
outside world ends tragically mr hall
hits the guy on the head with a walrus
bone wallace regains consciousness so if
you wish to continue living
you will be a walrus
or you'll be nothing at all
when he wakes up he sees that he has
lost his other leg his arms from his
shoulders to his elbows are sewn to his
sides some of his teeth are missing from
his mouth and he has lost his tongue too
and now he can only moo like an animal
he tells the boy that he wants to
recreate his savior the same walrus he
called tusk
and he wants to recreate him so he can
have a second chance at life
in the basement of the mansion there is
a pool with a platform so reminiscent of
the abandoned island with the walrus
where mr
hall ended up the old man teaches the
newfound tusk to swim preparing the
walrus for life in the process wallace
sees dozens of other unfortunate bodies
underwater who have fallen into the
hands of a crazy maniac
meanwhile wallace's girlfriend and his
friend teddy are looking for him in
canada
the american police were unable to help
them so they contacted the local police
department
they had previously interviewed people
at the bar and at the car rental service
in an attempt to find wallace
they are afraid that he is already dead
the police don't really believe in the
kidnapping story given wallace cheerful
disposition his passion for jokes they
assume that this is another prang but
still add the american to the list of
missing people and alison and teddy give
the phone number of detective gil poin
who may know something about the likely
kidnapper
meeting a detective does not bring
relief to friends gila poin has been
looking for this maniac for many years
he lost sleep and appetite he lost his
job and his wife he was considered
insane but gila did not give up on his
he says that he has already found
corpses of people without lower limbs
with hands sewn to the body
when teddy and allison are about to
refuse help abnormally he says that he
once saw a maniac but under a different
name and in a different place
together with the detective friends go
on the trail of wallace
learning that he likes to buy drinks on
trips in large plastic cups they come to
the store where wallace asked for
directions
remember a funny american with a
mustache no way it's mr mustache they
give the detective a notebook in which
wallace wrote down mr
hall's address and the detective figures
out where to go on the way they find
wallace's car half flooded in a pond but
wallace himself is not in it either
the detective convinces his friends that
he knows where the guy is he distributes
weapons and the whole company goes to
the maniacs house they do not yet know
what is happening in the basement with
the pool and it would be better for them
not to see it mr hall realizes that the
hour of battle has come he tells wallace
exactly how his savior the walrus fed
him and kept him from starving to death
howard had to kill the tusk and eat its
meat just before the rescue ship
appeared on the horizon from that day on
howard regrets what he did he considers
the murdered margin the highest creature
on the planet and people miserable and
unworthy of life mr hull puts on a marga
suit made from scraps of leather tusks
are attached to his head made like
wallace's tusks implanted in his jaw
from his own shin bone the battle begins
full of incoherent screams and sounds of
blows all other versions of the tusk
died from the blows of mr hall which
means that the deceased margin did not
manage to take revenge on his killer
according to howard's idea the fight
should be fair on an equal footing he
did not even suspect that at that moment
they were running around his mansion in
panic looking for his friend teddy and
alison the detective was also somewhere
here armed with a shotgun
the battle between margin and the man in
margin suit was fierce but short-lived
the moment alison and teddy find
wallace's tusk in the basement he kills
the old man by tearing his body apart
with his tusks
what he saw terrifies everyone but only
wallace looks at his friends in blood
there is nothing human in his gaze only
rage and pain
he hums unable to utter a word detective
gila point points a gun at the tusk
ready to shoot
a scream is heard a year has passed
since that day alison and teddy arrive
at the city zoo get out of the car and
go to the entrance allison is holding an
oblong paper roll they walk as if in a
funeral procession into the corral with
a lonely walrus but not in the pool not
in its vicinity there is no one
the walrus is hiding in his cave and
does not want to go out
allison unfolds the package takes out a
fish and throws it onto the concrete
platform in front of the cave
she calls wallace by name tries to speak
to him teddy stands beside him in
silence finally the walrus appears he
gratefully eats the fish peers at old
friends but they see nothing human in
his face
alison cries remembering the story of
her grandfather who said that tears
distinguish a person from an animal
prove that he has a soul
she says she loves wallace tati takes
the girl away at this moment from the
eyes of the margin a few tears flow down
that's all for today subscribe and like
if you want more of these videos